docs: Release 2.18.0 (#1170)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

.. _release-2.18.0:

2.18.0 (2025-07-14)
-------------------

New features:

> - Add a method to the ``LifecycleManager`` to obtain the prime state timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the ``get_prime_state_timestamp`` method to the
  :doc:`lifecycle manager </reference/lifecycle_manager>`. This method provides
  the timestamp at which the prime directory was last modified.
```
